Choose people:
Cooper, Kenny, Christina

More interested in working on a specific technology, team, or idea/project?
Cooper, Kenny, Christina and I are very interested in working with each other, and we have already spent hours brainstorming and planning out a project we really like.

What project do you want to work on most?
Team/App name: Crowd Parser. Michael, Kenny, Christina and Cooper, are planning to develop an app that mines social media data for sentiment relating to user entered keywords, processes the keyword via associations with Natural Language sentiments, and then displays that data in interesting and meaningful ways. At the core, and as an MVP, the app will make use of recent twitter data, a sentiment library similar to the Stanford CoreNLP, and the famo.us/D3 library. Further versions will create modules that allow prediction and other types of analyses.

For example, we want to turn social media data (like Tweets) into meaningful quantifiable data (like predicting box office returns for an upcoming movie or showing how well a company/brand’s PR is doing over time) and include visualizations that provide a more meaningful and comprehensive view of the result than just averages and percentages and numerical scores.

2nd choice
We really want to work on Crowd Parser together :)

3rd choice
We really want to work on Crowd Parser together :)

Any other projects you wouldn't mind working on?
Perhaps, but we would love to work on Crowd Parser together :)

Is there anyone you absolutely do not want to work with on a project?
No, but we would love to work in this team of four.

What technologies are you really wanting to use for your thesis project?
We plan to use Angular and D3/Famo.us to start, and then incorporate others as we get to that point.

Do you want to focus on...?
We are willing to work on anything and will be able to split up our roles pretty easily.

Anything else we should know...?
Daniel recommended to us that if we really want to get put together as a group, we should "stress like crazy" that we would love to be a group. We have already done a ton of brainstorming and are all very excited about our idea and would be extremely sad if, after all of this work, we were split up.

Thus, in our effort to "stress like crazy" that we would love to be in the same group, here are ten reasons why we would love to be in the same group.

Reason #1: We get along and work really well together.

Reason #2: We all have a lot of respect for one another.

Reason #3: We have spent a lot of time working on a project idea already.

Reason #4: We are all completely on board with our project idea.

Reason #5: We would all be very sad if we were split up.

Reason #6: We would all be very sad if we couldn't work on this project idea that we are all very excited about.

Reason #7: We think we can make something really cool together.

Reason #8: We have an app name already.

Reason #9: We would all be very sad if we could not build this app with this app name that we came up with together already.

Reason #10: We're all super excited about thesis because of what we've been talking about and brainstorming.